hi I am Swati from agency relationship
team ICICI Lombard and we are glad to
tell you about our anywhere cashless
feature anywhere cashless means
Stressless
get cashless treatment now at any
Hospital of your choice yes you have
heard it right so here are some of the
benefits of this feature
first zero waiting for reimbursement
second hassle-free and quick claims
third the superior convenience of
cashless treatment at any Hospital of
your vicinity and fourth the enhanced
freedom to not pay any of the medical
bill out of your pocket so let's
understand how to Avail the benefit with
the ielt care application Step 1 Click
and login to the IL take care
application click on the service V offer
option now
click on the health assistance button
and choose anywhere cashless
so hurry up and download the I'll take
care application now to Avail anywhere
cashless facility launched by the ICICI
Lombard General Insurance company for
the first time in industry